# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --strip-extras dev_requirements.in -o dev_requirements.txt
alembic==1.14.1
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   fastapi-debug-toolbar
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   nbconvert
black==24.10.0
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   black
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   click
    #   ipython
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
debugpy==1.8.12
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.9
    # via virtualenv
executing==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   stack-data
fastapi==0.115.6
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   fastapi-debug-toolbar
fastapi-debug-toolbar @ git+https://github.com/fsecada01/fastapi-debug-toolbar.git@2da9f1e724d1d7ca56990ba7a8e72598fa3e1cf4
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.16.1
    # via virtualenv
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab
identify==2.6.6
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.31.0
    # via ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   fastapi-debug-toolbar
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.10.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.11.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.3.4
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
jupyterlab-code-formatter==3.0.2
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via jupyterlab
mako==1.3.8
    # via alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.1.0
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   black
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.5
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via pre-commit
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-code-formatter
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pre-commit==4.1.0
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.5
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-debug-toolbar
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
pydantic-extra-types==2.10.2
    # via fastapi-debug-toolbar
pydantic-settings==2.7.1
    # via fastapi-debug-toolbar
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyinstrument==5.0.0
    # via fastapi-debug-toolbar
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   pydantic-settings
python-json-logger==3.2.1
    # via jupyter-events
pywin32==308
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.14
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pre-commit
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.9.2
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==75.8.0
    # via jupyterlab
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.37
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   alembic
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via fastapi-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.41.3
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   sqlalchemy
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.20
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.29.1
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   jupyter-server
